bpo-37035: Don't log OSError (#13548)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-05-24-18-16-07.bpo-37035.HFbJVT.rst

> Don't log OSError based exceptions if a fatal error is occured in asyncio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't log OSError based exceptions if a fatal error has occurred in asyncio
```

Author: Thanks. English is not my strong point.

Author: Thanks. English is not my strong point.

> Don't log OSError based exceptions if a fatal error has occurred in asyncio

Reviewer 2: Please expand this to include the motivation, e.g. that the errors will still propagate to the user code, it's just logging them is a bit pointless.
